Modify rule S6332: Update issue message (#893)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6332/cloudformation/message.adoc

=== Message 

* Make sure that using unencrypted EFS file systems is safe here.

> * Omitting "Encrypted" disables EFS file systems encryption. Make sure it is safe here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Omitting the "Encrypted" attribute disables EFS file system encryption. Make sure it is safe here.
```

Author: I was referring to the fact that all other issue messages share the pattern `Omitting "{parameter}" ...`, I thought it was better for this PR to stick to the existing pattern.
In general I am ok switching to another pattern like the one you suggested `Omitting the "{parameter}" attribute ...`

Reviewer: Ah ok, I see! Yes, we should do it in a separate future PR
